mysql> INSERT INTO food
       VALUES ('Id','ing1','ing2','ing3','name','description'NULL);
	   
	  VALUES ('1','paprika','cream','meat','Fried meat with creamy paprika','This one is easy. Fry meat with paprika. Whet it gets crispy, add cream.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('2','paprika','tomatoes','meat','French style meath with paprika','Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides.  Cut the vegetables, add to the meat, fry everything together, stirring occasionally, for several minutes. Add a little water, about half a glass, cover and simmer for 40-45 minutes.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('3','cream','tomatoes','potato','Cream potatoes with tomatoes','This one is easy. Fry potato. Whet it gets crispy, add cream and potatoes.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('4','tomatoes','potato','meat','French style meat with potatoes','Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides.  Cut the vegetables, add to the meat, fry everything together, stirring occasionally, for several minutes. Add a little water, about half a glass, cover and simmer for 40-45 minutes.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('5','rice','potato','meat','Steamed side mix with meat','Really? Potato with rise? Season with chlorine for refinement.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('6','paprika','rice','meat','Pilaf','Wash the meat, dry it, cut into pieces. Peel, wash and chop the vegetables into strips.  To warm a cauldron. Pour in vegetable oil. Well fry it.  Put prepared meat. Cook everything until the meat is covered with a fried crust, about 10 minutes.  Add all ingredients and cook pilaf over high heat without a lid until the liquid has completely evaporated, about 10-15 minutes.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('7','rice','tomatoes','meat','Meat and rice','Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry the meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides.  Cut the vegetables, add to the meat, fry everything together, stirring occasionally, for several minutes. Add a little water, about half a glass, cover and simmer over low heat for 40-45 minutes. Rinse the rice well. Put rice in a pan with meat and vegetables, put tomatoes on top. Boil. Cook over low heat until liquid is completely gone, about 20 minutes.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('8','paprika','rice','tomatoes','Plov','Peel, wash and cut the vegetables into strips.  To warm a cauldron. Pour in vegetable oil. Well fry it.  Add all ingredients and cook pilaf over high heat without a lid until the liquid has completely evaporated, about 10-15 minutes. 'NULL);
	  VALUES ('9','paprika','rice','cream','Risotto','Fry onions. He should soften, but not brown.Add rice and paprika and fry for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly.  Grains should be saturated with oil and become translucent. Add water. Water must be hot, but not boiling.  It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff, but the risotto itself should have a creamy consistency. If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('10','rice','cream','tomatoes','Risotto','Fry onions. It should soften, but not brown.Add rice and tomatoes and fry for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly.  Grains should be saturated with oil and become translucent. Add water. Water must be hot, but not boiling.  It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff, but the risotto itself should have a creamy consistency. If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('11','rice','cream','potato','Risotto','Fry onions. He should soften, but not brown.Add rice and potatoes and fry for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly.  Grains should be saturated with oil and become translucent. Add water. Water must be hot, but not boiling.  It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff, but the risotto itself should have a creamy consistency. If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('12','rice','cream','meat','Risotto','Fry onions. He should soften, but not brown.Add rice and meat and fry for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly.  Grains should be saturated with oil and become translucent. Add water. Water must be hot, but not boiling.  It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff, but the risotto itself should have a creamy consistency. If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('13','paprika','rice','potato','Steamed paprika with filling',' Wash and peel the vegetables. Fry the potatoes in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides.  Cut vegetables, add to potatoes, fry all together, sometimes stirring, for several minutes. Add a little water, about half a cup, cover and simmer over low heat for 40-45 minutes. Rinse the rice well. Put rice in a pan with meat and vegetables, put tomatoes on top. Boil. Cook over low heat until liquid is completely gone, about 20 minutes.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('14','rice','tomatoes','potato','Rice Salad',' Wash and peel the vegetables. Fry the potatoes in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides.  Cut vegetables, add to potatoes, fry all together, sometimes stirring, for several minutes. Add a little water, about half a cup, cover and simmer over low heat for 40-45 minutes. Rinse the rice well. Put rice in a pan with meat and vegetables, put tomatoes on top. Boil. Cook over low heat until liquid is completely gone, about 20 minutes.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('15','paprika','cream','tomatoes','Creamy salad mix','Wash and clean the vegetables. Cut paprika and tomates into cubes. Add them in the bowel and season them with spices. Add  cream into the mix and lets salad stand for 10 minutes to release flaivor.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('16','paprika','cream','potato','Baked paprika with creamy potato filling','Wash and clean the vegatbles. Peel the potatoes and wash them. Fry the potatoes in vegeatble oil over high heat untill slightly golden on all sides. Pre heat oven to 200 'C. Cut off paprikas top and place fried potatoes inside. Add cream between feeling sections. Place peppers inside oven. Bake them for 20 mintues.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('17','paprika','tomatoes','potato','Baked vegetables with tomato salad','Wash and clean the vegetables. Peel the potatoes and wash them. Fry the potatoes in vegeatble oil over high heat untill slightly golden on all sides. Pre heat oven to 200 'C. Cut off paprikas top and place fried potatoes inside. Add cream between feeling sections. Place peppers inside oven. Bake them for 20 mintues . Meanwhile cit tomatoes in slices and add as side dish.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('18','paprika','potato','meat','Fried meat with vegetable salad',' Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry the meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides. Fry the potatoes in vegeatble oil over high heat untill slightly golden on all sides. Cut paprika into slices and add as side dish.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('19','cream','tomatoes','meat','Fried meat with tomato salad','Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry the meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides. Add cream.  Wash and cut the tomatoes. Place tomatoes into the bowel. Add spices and cream to the tomatoes. Mix until everything is well combined. Serve meat and salad together.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('20','cream','potato','meat','Guljash','Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Cut meat in cubes  and then fry  in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides. Add cream to the meat and cook on low heat strirring ever 2 mintues . Peel potatoes and place them into boiling water. Boil them untill they soft.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('21','potato','paprika','cream','Paprika potatoes', Peel, wash and chop potato into pieces. In a large skillet, slowly saute potatoes in the butter until they are golden brown; about 10-15 minutes. Sprinkle with paprika. Top with cream at your wish.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('22','tomatoes','paprika','eggs','Cheesy tomato casserole', Stir together all ingredients. Spoon mixture into a lightly greased 8" square baking dish. Bake at 325 degrees for 30 minutes or until golden.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('23','tomatoes','paprika','eggs','Fried green tomatoes', Sprinkle the tomato slices with the salt and pepper: set aside. Combine the cornmeal and paprika in a shallow bowl.Cover the bottom of a heavy skillet with ½ inch of oil, then place it over medium-high heat. Coat the tomato slices in the egg, then dredge them in the cornmeal mixture. Fry as many tomatoes as fit comfortably in the pan until nicely btowned, about 2 minutes a side. Transfer them to a paper towel-lined platter. Repeat until all the tomatoes are cooked.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('24','tomatoes','paprika','cream','Cream-Stuffed tomatoes', Wash vegetables. Cut tomatoes crosswise in half. Scoop out pulp and discard. Mix cream and onions until well blended. Spoon evenly into tomato halves. Sprinkle with paprika.'NULL);
	  VALUES ('25','tomatoes','paprika','eggs','Ham and cheese breakfast egg muffins', Preheat your oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 12 cup muffin pan with non-stick cooking spray. Whisk eggs in a mixing bowl. Then whisk in paprika, salt and pepper. Stir in the diced ham and shredded cheddar cheese. Pour the mixture into the muffin cups, about ¾ of the way full. Bake at 375 degrees F for 16-20 minutes, or until set. You can do a toothpick test to make sure they are done. Allow to cool for 5 min. Garnish with fresh chopped tomatoes and parsley. Serve and enjoy!'NULL);
	  VALUES ('26','rice','paprika','eggs','Rice dish', Melt the butter on a medium heat in a frying pan, do not let it brown. Crack the eggs into a cup, season with salt and pepper and beat well. Add to the butter in the pan as if you were making scrambled eggs. When the eggs are half scrambled add the rice, crumbling into the pan if it has stuck together. Stirring constantly, cook the rice until completely warmed through and serve immediately.'NULL);
